Little beauty go away
Had a nightmare
Why are you here?
When your business comes to an end
As soon as I came in, I saw that you were not sleeping well
Dreaming of some bad things
See for yourself
And so it did.
I was kidnapped as soon as I got off the plane
We were almost assaulted.
It was Gu Rui who made me
I thought he was the one for me.
I didn't expect him to arrange it all
Gu Ruichen originally wanted to put these plans
Implement it on Miss Su Family
Come to a scene where the hero saves the beauty
Then he rose to the sky and became the son-in-law of the Su family
And he has succeeded in everything.
It's just that he didn't expect you to hide your identity
Make him think
You are wrong
Yeah I thought
The co-pilot will put him under pressure when it snows
So I ushered in what cha cha
I didn't expect to see his true face clearly tonight
Do you know the difference between men and women?
And you can't come into my room casually anymore
Then why is Su Mingyuan and Su Mingcheng enough?
You're not like them.
What's the difference?